'\" t
.\" $Id$
.tr ~
.TH WNPKGS 7WN "Jan 2005" "WordNet 2.1" "WordNet\(tm"
.SH NAME
wnpkgs \- description of various WordNet system packages
.SH DESCRIPTION
WordNet 2.1 is distributed in several formats and in various packages.
All of the packages are available via anonymous FTP from
\fBftp.cogsci.princeton.edu\fP and from the WordNet Web
site at \fBhttp://wordnet.princeton.edu\fP.
.SS "Packages Available Via FTP and WWW"
The following WordNet packages can be downloaded using a web browser
from \fBftp://ftp.cogsci.princeton.edu/wordnet/2.1\fP, or
from the Web site noted above.  Users can also FTP directly from
\fBftp.cogsci.princeton.edu\fP, directory \fBwordnet/2.1\fP.

.TS
center box ;
c | c | c | c 
lt | l | l | lt.
\fBPackage\fP	\fBFilename\fP	\fBPlatform\fP	\fBDescription\fP
_
.na
Database	\fBWordNet-2.1.tar.gz\fP	Unix/OS X	T{
WordNet 2.1 database, interfaces, sense index, interface
and library source code, documentation.
T}
Database	\fBWordNet-2.1.exe\fP	Windows	T{
WordNet 2.1 database, interfaces, sense index, interface
and library source code, documentation.
T}
Prolog Database	\fBWNprolog-2.1.tar.gz\fP	All	T{
WordNet 2.1 database files in Prolog-readable format, documentation.
T}
Sense Map	\fBWNsnsmap-2.1.tar.gz\fP	All	T{
Mapping of 1.7.1 to 2.1 senses, documentation.
T}
.TE

.SS "Database Package"
The database package is a complete installation for WordNet 2.1 users.
It includes the 2.1 database files, source code for the WordNet browsers and
library, and documentation.  The other packages are not included \-
they must be downloaded and installed separately.

Note that with this version of WordNet for Unix platforms, only source
code is provided.  Users should carefully read the README and INSTALL
files for detailed information on compiling WordNet and dependencies.

Note that these are the platforms that WordNet 2.1 was tested on.
Most should work on newer versions of the operating system.

.TS
center box ;
c | c
l | l.
\fBOperating System\fP	\fBVersion\fP
_
Sun	Solaris 8
Red Hat Linux	9
OS X	10.2, 10.3
Windows	XP
Silicon Graphics Irix	6.5.8
.TE

.SS Prolog Database Package
The WordNet 2.1 database files are available in this package in a
Prolog-readable format.  Documentation describing the file format is
included.  This package is only downloadable in compressed tar file
format, although once unpackaged it can be used from Windows
systems since the files are in ASCII.  Many Windows utilities, such as
WinZip, can deal with a
compressed tar file.
.SS Sense Map Package
To help users automatically convert 2.0 noun and verb senses to their
corresponding 2.1 senses, we provide sense mapping information in
this package.  This package contains files to map polysemous and
monosemous words, and documentation that describes the format of these
files.  As with the Prolog database, this package is only downloadable
in compressed tar format, but the files are also in ASCII.
.SH NOTES
The lexicographer files and
.BR grind (1WN)
program are not generally distributed.

All of the packages described above may not be available at the time
of release of the 2.1 database package.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wnintro (1WN),
.BR wnintro (3WN),
.BR wnintro (5WN),
.BR wnintro (7WN).
